
# math
    import "github.com/pkg/math"

Package math provides helper functions for mathematical operations
over all integer Go types.

Almost all files in this package are automatically generated.

To regenerate this package


	make -B

This package relies on github.com/davecheney/godoc2md.






## func Max
<pre>func Max(v ...int) int</pre>
Max returns the largest int in the set provided.
If no values are provided, Max returns 0.



## func MaxInt
<pre>func MaxInt(v ...int) int</pre>
MaxInt returns the largest int in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MaxInt returns 0.



## func MaxInt16
<pre>func MaxInt16(v ...int16) int16</pre>
MaxInt16 returns the largest int16 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MaxInt16 returns 0.



## func MaxInt32
<pre>func MaxInt32(v ...int32) int32</pre>
MaxInt32 returns the largest int32 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MaxInt32 returns 0.



## func MaxInt64
<pre>func MaxInt64(v ...int64) int64</pre>
MaxInt64 returns the largest int64 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MaxInt64 returns 0.



## func MaxInt8
<pre>func MaxInt8(v ...int8) int8</pre>
MaxInt8 returns the largest int8 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MaxInt8 returns 0.



## func MaxUint
<pre>func MaxUint(v ...uint) uint</pre>
MaxUint returns the largest uint in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MaxUint returns 0.



## func MaxUint16
<pre>func MaxUint16(v ...uint16) uint16</pre>
MaxUint16 returns the largest uint16 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MaxUint16 returns 0.



## func MaxUint32
<pre>func MaxUint32(v ...uint32) uint32</pre>
MaxUint32 returns the largest uint32 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MaxUint32 returns 0.



## func MaxUint64
<pre>func MaxUint64(v ...uint64) uint64</pre>
MaxUint64 returns the largest uint64 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MaxUint64 returns 0.



## func MaxUint8
<pre>func MaxUint8(v ...uint8) uint8</pre>
MaxUint8 returns the largest uint8 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MaxUint8 returns 0.



## func Min
<pre>func Min(v ...int) int</pre>
Min returns the smallest int in the set provided.
If no values are provided, Min returns 0.



## func MinInt
<pre>func MinInt(v ...int) int</pre>
MinInt returns the smallest int in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MinInt returns 0.



## func MinInt16
<pre>func MinInt16(v ...int16) int16</pre>
MinInt16 returns the smallest int16 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MinInt16 returns 0.



## func MinInt32
<pre>func MinInt32(v ...int32) int32</pre>
MinInt32 returns the smallest int32 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MinInt32 returns 0.



## func MinInt64
<pre>func MinInt64(v ...int64) int64</pre>
MinInt64 returns the smallest int64 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MinInt64 returns 0.



## func MinInt8
<pre>func MinInt8(v ...int8) int8</pre>
MinInt8 returns the smallest int8 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MinInt8 returns 0.



## func MinUint
<pre>func MinUint(v ...uint) uint</pre>
MinUint returns the smallest uint in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MinUint returns 0.



## func MinUint16
<pre>func MinUint16(v ...uint16) uint16</pre>
MinUint16 returns the smallest uint16 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MinUint16 returns 0.



## func MinUint32
<pre>func MinUint32(v ...uint32) uint32</pre>
MinUint32 returns the smallest uint32 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MinUint32 returns 0.



## func MinUint64
<pre>func MinUint64(v ...uint64) uint64</pre>
MinUint64 returns the smallest uint64 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MinUint64 returns 0.



## func MinUint8
<pre>func MinUint8(v ...uint8) uint8</pre>
MinUint8 returns the smallest uint8 in the set provided.
If no values are provided, MinUint8 returns 0.











- - -
Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)